h1. Magento Bulk

Bulk operations for Magento.


h2. Configuration

Copy @config.php.sample@ to @config.php@ and edit it.


h2. Product Attribute Management

h3. List All Attributes

bc. ./attr-list.php

h3. List All User-defined Attributes

bc. ./attr-list.php -u

On a blank Magento installation this will list only 3 attributes: @color@, @cost@, and @manufacturer@.

h3. Create Normal Data Attribute

bc. ./attr-add.php --code length --label 'Panjang (cm)' --type data --datatype decimal --normal
./attr-add.php --code shop_id --label 'Shop ID' --type data --datatype varchar --normal
./attr-add.php --code local_sku --label 'Local SKU' --type data --datatype varchar --normal
./attr-add.php --code local_price --label 'Local Price' --type data --datatype decimal --normal

Note: @--normal@ switch is optional (it's the default).

h3. Create Normal Select Attribute

bc. ./attr-add.php --code material --label Bahan --type select --normal --opts Katun,Sutra,Rayon,Spandex

Note: @--normal@ switch is optional (it's the default).

h3. Create Configurable Select Attribute

bc. ./attr-add.php --code item_color --label Warna --type select --configurable --opts Biru,Hijau,Merah,Putih,Hitam,Kuning,Ungu,Abu-abu
./attr-add.php --code item_size --label Ukuran --type select --configurable --opts SS,S,M,L,XL,XXL

h3. Delete Attribute

bc. ./attr-del.php item_color item_size

Multiple arguments are supported to delete several attributes at once.


h2. Product Attribute Set Management

h3. List All Attribute Sets

bc. ./attrset-list.php

h3. Create Attribute Set

bc. ./attrset-add.php --name 'Women Clothing' --attrs item_color,item_size

h3. Delete Attribute Set

bc. ./attrset-del.php 'Women Clothing'

Multiple arguments are supported to delete several attribute sets at once.


h2. Website, Store, Store View Management

h3. List Websites, Stores, Store Views

bc. ./web-list.php 
Loading Magento... OK.
List websites
ID CODE       NAME
 0 admin      Admin                         
 1 base       Main Website                  
   1 Main Website Store   1:default:Default Store View 3:fb:Facebook 2:m:Mobile
 2 tuneeca    Tuneeca                       
   2 Tuneeca Store        4:tuneecadefault:Tuneeca Default 5:tuneecafb:Tuneeca Facebook 6:tuneecam:Tuneeca Mobile


h2. Category Management

h3. List Categories

bc. ./cat-list.php 
Loading Magento... OK.
List categories
 1 --                      Root Catalog
 2 A-                      . Default Category
 3 AC tas                  . . Tas

h3. Add Category

bc. ./cat-add.php --urlkey tas --name Tas --desc 'Tas yang trendy.'
./cat-add.php --parent tas --urlkey handbag --name Handbag --desc 'Mudah dijinjing dan praktis.'

Note: A category depends on the available attributes for sorting. (i.e. @available_sort_by@, which
by default contains @position,name,price@ but can add other custom attributes like @item_color@, @item_size@).

h3. Delete Category (by URL Key)

bc. ./cat-del.php tas

h3. Delete All User Categories (WARNING! DANGEROUS)

This will delete all categories with level 2 and below (i.e. user-created categories).

bc. ./cat-clear.php 


h2. Product Management

h3. List All Products with Stock Info

bc. ./product-list.php

h3. Create Simple Product

For all websites, omit the @--webs@ parameter:

bc. ./product-add-simple.php --sku zibalabel_t6 --name 'Tas Batik TX5' --price 125400 --qty 123 --cats tas,handbag

Specific website(s) only:

bc. ./product-add-simple.php --sku zibalabel_t62 --name 'Tas Batik TX5' --price 125400 --qty 123 --cats tas,handbag --webs tuneeca


h3. Create Configurable Product with item_color and item_size configurable attributes

For all websites, omit the @--webs@ parameter:

bc. ./product-add-conf.php --sku zibalabel_t01 --name 'Tas Batik 01' --price 19500 --variants Merah/S:5,Merah/M:7,Merah/L:9,Hijau/S:12,Hijau/M:8,Hijau/L:2 --set 'Women Clothing' --summary 'Tas batik yang keren' --desc 'Cocok untuk dibawa ke mana saja' --cats tas,handbag

Specific website(s) only:

bc. ./product-add-conf.php --sku zibalabel_t01 --name 'Tas Batik 01' --price 19500 --variants Merah/S:5,Merah/M:7,Merah/L:9,Hijau/S:12,Hijau/M:8,Hijau/L:2 --set 'Women Clothing' --summary 'Tas batik yang keren' --desc 'Cocok untuk dibawa ke mana saja' --cats tas,handbag --webs tuneeca

Stock quantity is also specified per variant.

h3. Delete Product

bc. ./product-del.php zibalabel_t4
./product-delid.php 123

h3. Delete All Products (WARNING! DANGEROUS)

bc. ./product-clear.php
